doc/DeveloperGuide.md, before:

# Developer Guide

* [Setting Up](#setting-up)
* [Design](#design)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Appendix A: User Stories](#appendix-a--user-stories)
* [Appendix B: Use Cases](#appendix-b--use-cases)
* [Appendix C: Non Functional Requirements](#appendix-c--non-functional-requirements)
* [Appendix D: Gloassary](#appendix-d--glossary)

## Setting up

#### Prerequisites

1. **JDK 8** or later
2. **Eclipse** IDE
3. **e(fx)clipse** plugin for Eclipse (Do the steps 2 onwards given in
   [this page](http://www.eclipse.org/efxclipse/install.html#for-the-ambitious))


#### Importing the project into Eclipse

0. Fork this repo, and clone the fork to your computer
1. Open Eclipse (Note: Ensure you have installed the **e(fx)clipse plugin** as given in the prerequisites above)
2. Click `File` > `Import`
3. Click `General` > `Existing Projects into Workspace` > `Next`
4. Click `Browse`, then locate the project's directory
5. Click `Finish`

## Design
<img src="images/mainClassDiagram.png"/>

## Testing

* In Eclipse, right-click on the `test/java` folder and choose `Run as` > `JUnit Test`

## Appendix A : User Stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have)  - `* *`,  Low (unlikely to have) - `*`


Priority | As a ... | I want to ... | So that I can...
-------- | :-------- | :--------- | :-----------
`* * *` | new user | see usage instructions | refer to instructions when I forget how to use the App
`* * *` | user | add a new person |
`* * *` | user | update a person | edit details of a person with updated info
`* * *` | user | delete a person | remove entries that I no longer need
`* * *` | user | find a person by name | locate details of persons without having to go through the entire list
`* *` | user | hide [private contact details](#private-contact-detail) by default | minimize chance of someone else seeing them by accident
`* * ` | user | find all people under a particular tag | locate a person simply by remembering the tag the person falls under 
`*` | user with many persons in the address book | sort persons by name | locate a person easily


## Appendix B : Use Cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `AddressBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

#### Use case: Delete person

**MSS**

1. User requests to list persons
2. AddressBook shows a list of persons
3. User requests to delete a specific person in the list
4. AddressBook deletes the person <br>
Use case ends.

**Extensions**

2a. The list is empty

> Use case ends

3a. The given index is invalid

> 3a1. AddressBook shows an error message <br>
  Use case resumes at step 2

## Appendix C : Non Functional Requirements

1. Should work on any [mainstream OS](#mainstream-os) as long as it has Java 8 or higher installed.
2. Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons.
3. Should come with automated unit tests and open source code.
4. Should favor DOS style commands over Unix-style commands.

## Appendix D : Glossary

##### Mainstream OS

> Windows, Linux, Unix, OS-X

##### Private contact detail

> A contact detail that is not meant to be shared with others

Commit message:

Add Rename Tag use case

doc/DeveloperGuide.md, after:

# Developer Guide

* [Setting Up](#setting-up)
* [Design](#design)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Appendix A: User Stories](#appendix-a--user-stories)
* [Appendix B: Use Cases](#appendix-b--use-cases)
* [Appendix C: Non Functional Requirements](#appendix-c--non-functional-requirements)
* [Appendix D: Gloassary](#appendix-d--glossary)

## Setting up

#### Prerequisites

1. **JDK 8** or later
2. **Eclipse** IDE
3. **e(fx)clipse** plugin for Eclipse (Do the steps 2 onwards given in
   [this page](http://www.eclipse.org/efxclipse/install.html#for-the-ambitious))


#### Importing the project into Eclipse

0. Fork this repo, and clone the fork to your computer
1. Open Eclipse (Note: Ensure you have installed the **e(fx)clipse plugin** as given in the prerequisites above)
2. Click `File` > `Import`
3. Click `General` > `Existing Projects into Workspace` > `Next`
4. Click `Browse`, then locate the project's directory
5. Click `Finish`

## Design
<img src="images/mainClassDiagram.png"/>

## Testing

* In Eclipse, right-click on the `test/java` folder and choose `Run as` > `JUnit Test`

## Appendix A : User Stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have)  - `* *`,  Low (unlikely to have) - `*`


Priority | As a ... | I want to ... | So that I can...
-------- | :-------- | :--------- | :-----------
`* * *` | new user | see usage instructions | refer to instructions when I forget how to use the App
`* * *` | user | add a new person |
`* * *` | user | update a person | edit details of a person with updated info
`* * *` | user | delete a person | remove entries that I no longer need
`* * *` | user | find a person by name | locate details of persons without having to go through the entire list
`* *` | user | hide [private contact details](#private-contact-detail) by default | minimize chance of someone else seeing them by accident
`* * ` | user | find all people under a particular tag | locate a person simply by remembering the tag the person falls under 
`*` | user with many persons in the address book | sort persons by name | locate a person easily


## Appendix B : Use Cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `AddressBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

#### Use case: Delete person

**MSS**

1. User requests to list persons
2. AddressBook shows a list of persons
3. User requests to delete a specific person in the list
4. AddressBook deletes the person <br>
Use case ends.

**Extensions**

2a. The list is empty

> Use case ends

3a. The given index is invalid

> 3a1. AddressBook shows an error message <br>
  Use case resumes at step 2

#### Use case: Rename Tag
  
**MSS**

1. User requests to rename a tag
2. AddressBook asks for confirmation for the renaming request
3. User confirms the request
4. AddressBook renames the tag to the new name
Use case ends.

**Extensions**

2a. The tag that the user wants to rename does not exist

> 2a1. AddressBook shows an error message
> 2a2. AddressBook requests re-entering of current name of tag
  Use case resumes at step 2

3a. User cancels the confirmation request

> Use case ends
 
## Appendix C : Non Functional Requirements

1. Should work on any [mainstream OS](#mainstream-os) as long as it has Java 8 or higher installed.
2. Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons.
3. Should come with automated unit tests and open source code.
4. Should favor DOS style commands over Unix-style commands.

## Appendix D : Glossary

##### Mainstream OS

> Windows, Linux, Unix, OS-X

##### Private contact detail

> A contact detail that is not meant to be shared with others
